{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 Normal Table;}}{\info{\title <eclipse_affiliation> write a short description of your relationship with Eclipse}{\author Tracy}{\operator Anne Jacko}{\creatim\yr2008\mo1\dy29\hr20\min23}{\revtim\yr2008\mo1\dy29\hr20\min23}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords451}{\nofchars2574}{\*\company Catalyst Systems Corporation}{\nofcharsws3161}{\vern24839}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\rsidroot13657745 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8271103 \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13657745 {\insrsid13657745 \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13657745 {\insrsid14226554 My Background\u8230\'c9}{\insrsid13657745 \par }{\insrsid14226554 Involvement with Eclipse has become a substantial part of my background and experience.  I have been involved with Eclipse in some capacity since 2002 when  }{\insrsid13657745 I started hearing about the "Eclipse Project". }{\insrsid14226554  At that time, }{\insrsid13657745  I took a closer look }{\insrsid14226554 at Eclipse }{\insrsid13657745 and was immediately surprised by what I found, an }{\insrsid7553566 o}{\insrsid13657745 pen }{\insrsid7553566 s}{\insrsid13657745 ource effort focused around a common IDE platform.  By the end of 2002, I had become a "founding steward" of this new and exciting community.  I've watched the Eclipse organization grow and change, always adding my "2 cents" along the way.}{\insrsid7553566   }{\insrsid14226554 During 2007 I have had the pleasure of serving on the Eclipse board representing the Eclipse Eco-system of Add-in Providers.  It is my belief that the Add-in Provider community is and will continue to be the core of Eclipse.  Even though our strategic members our important, it is the Add-in providers who bring a well rounded commercial market based on the Eclipse technology. }{\insrsid13657745 \par \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13657745 {\insrsid14226554 My Vision\u8230\'c9\par }{\insrsid6454350 Involvement }{\insrsid14027971 from Add-in Provider companies }{\insrsid4806899 is }{\insrsid14027971 a critical component }{\insrsid6454350 of the overall success of Eclipse.  Some Add-in Providers have learned how to stay involved even as Eclipse has grown.  I believe there are many more Add-in Providers who want to be active}{\insrsid4806899 , not passive, members of}{\insrsid6454350  Eclipse but simply don't know how. }{\insrsid4806899 Add-in Providers need to be better organized so that they can more easily see how to get involved.  }{\insrsid6454350 In addition, Add-in providers need to be recognized as a core pillar of Eclipse.  This can be done through better recognition programs for active Add-in Providers}{\insrsid4806899  and an}{\insrsid6454350  }{\insrsid4806899 increased focus on Add-in Providers through }{\insrsid6454350 Public Relations }{\insrsid4806899 contacts.  Add-in Provider contribution is important.  What we don't want is for }{\insrsid13069338 the }{\insrsid4806899 Eclipse }{\insrsid13069338 organization }{\insrsid4806899 to evolve to a place where Add-in Providers simply }{\insrsid13069338 serve as an audience to the Strategic Members.  We are the "members at large" and represent one of the core pillars of this organization. }{\insrsid4806899 \par }{\insrsid13657745 \tab \par }{\insrsid14226554 Bio\u8230\'c9}{\insrsid13657745 \par }{\insrsid13069338 I  }{\insrsid14226554 have }{\insrsid13069338 served as }{\insrsid14226554 both}{\insrsid13069338  CEO }{\insrsid14226554 and COO }{\insrsid13069338 for }{\insrsid14226554 OpenMake Software}{\insrsid13069338  since 1995.  I started my IT career as a mainframe programmer in the mid 1980s and moved into C programming mainly in OS/2 PM by the late 1980s.  I worked as an independent consultant for 8 years before forming }{\insrsid14226554 OpenMake Software}{\insrsid13069338  with my partner Steve Taylor.  S}{\insrsid12789379 ince that time we have created the now emerging market of enterprise build management tools with Openmake }{\insrsid14226554 Meister }{\insrsid12789379 the leader and most complete solution available.  We have done this without any level of VC funding by letting }{\insrsid14226554 our superior software }{\insrsid12789379 fund itself.  The experience of growing }{\insrsid14226554 OpenMake Software}{\insrsid12789379  will be extremely valuable when is comes to serving as a member of the Eclipse Board.  }{\insrsid13657745 \par \par }{\insrsid14226554 Affiliation\u8230\'c9}{\insrsid13657745 \par }{\insrsid14226554 OpenMake Software}{\insrsid14900947  is the leading vendor of Enterprise Build Management Solutions.  Open}{\insrsid14226554 M}{\insrsid14900947 ake}{\insrsid14226554  Meister}{\insrsid14900947 , our flagship product, was launched in June of 1995.  Since that time Open}{\insrsid14226554 Ma}{\insrsid14900947 ke}{\insrsid14226554  Software}{\insrsid14900947  has revolutionized the way developers manage their build process }{\insrsid14226554 by mashing up the individual developer's IDE builds with the team build executed outside of the IDE. OpenMake Software}{\insrsid14900947  enjoys close partnerships with other Eclipse Members such as Serena Software, Computer Associates, MKS Inc., and IBM.}{\insrsid13657745 \par }}